/*
What is UX/UI?

I believe that Heinz made this change due to many complaints over the years.
We have all encountered the issue of getting the ketchup out of those poorly designed 
glass bottles. To keep customers and stop the complaints. Also, plastic is safer around children
and they won't get cut if they drop it. 

Super Mario 
How does this apply to web development?
All of it applies to web development. You want the user experience to be good or else no
one will want to come to your site. They are coming to your site to complete a task, or for entertainment, or many 
other reasons. 

Bad Design vs. Good Design
How does this apply to web development?
It all affect the user exprience. The user is expecting a certain task or function from the website, just as the 
users of the doors where expecting them to pull not push. You need good functionality. Or just like in the video, users
will complain about your site or stop using it. 

Information Overload
I can park there on Tuesday, but only for an hour. And if I were in a car, people would 
be honking because it would take awhile to read all those signs. 

The visual sign is so much easier to understand. 
I would have received a ticket or a tow with the first set of signs. 

Mystery Meat Navigaion
The whole picture is clickable, but it just goes to the same picture. This useless.
It really takes you nowhere. 

My Bank's website easy to navigate and I am on it all the time. 
It is very goal focused.

But I am not a designer!
As a user I want to see what I can accomplish on the site. 
I want it to be easily accessible, but safe if it is holding my personal data. 
If I click on a link I want the link to take me to the exact place it says it will. 


Tic Tac Toe 
As a player, I need directions in order to play the game properly
As a player, I need to know which color checkers I am 
As a player, I need to see a score, and who I am playing
As a player, I need to know when the game starts and stops and when it is my turn
As a player, After the game is over I would like to have the option to play again or quit    

